In Alaska you had to look at the basic set up of our forum.
Now let's understand how anglers create such a javascript object representing our form in the template
driven approach.
The great thing is you don't have to do anything well almost anything.
Make sure that in your app module you actually import the forms module add it here to your imports aere
and have to import at the top of this file as the name implies.
This boat in Marchal shipping with angular includes a lot of Fornes related functionalities and it's
actually needed to get this template driven approach to work to get this form creation by angular to
work now by default in a Seelye project that should already be imported so it should work fine.
But again I'm just highlighting it because it's super or that you have this import overwise the following
steps will not work with this imported Engler will actually automatically create a form for you.
So our javascript representations of that form when it detects a form element an HMO code like it does
here.
So you can think of that form element serving as a select or for some angular directive which then creates
such a javascript representation of the form for you.
Of course you can't see that form representation as of now and it would be very empty because one thing
does not happen automatically angler will not automatically detect your inputs in this form.
And the simple reason for this is that whilst you could argue that it should be able to scan your age
HTML code and detect that you have input here and here and that you have a select dropdown here you
still might not want to add all these elements as controls to your form so with control I'm referring
to what is in the javascript object.
And again not every input in your HDL code might be control you want to have in your javascript forum
maybe you have a dropdown which says well you only change something you view on the UI but the input
should not actually be part of what gets submitted.
Maybe you use some third party package which adds some custom form controls which are not labeled input
which don't use input as a selector and then Angola would have no chance of detecting that this is a
control of your form.
So you still need to register controls manually.
You need to tell angular Hey within that form element what should be an actual control of my form.
And this is what we're going to do.
Now tell Engler How does our form look like.
Which controls do we want to have in the template term approach.
This is super simple.
You simply pick the input which you want to add as a control like this input here.
And I'm just going to structure it a bit different to split up over multiple lines to make it easier
to read and then you add Engy model like this.
Now you might already know ngi model from the two way binding two way data binding and it actually is
the same directive in two way data binding though.
You saw that we use that with square brackets and parentheses wrapping and small.
Now we will have a look at this later again.
But for now let's add without any parentheses without any square brackets just like this.
This will be enough to tell angular hey this input is actually a control of my form so any model in
the end is a directive made available in the form's module something I mentioned earlier in the course
when we had a look at two way data binding.
This is key to understand.
You can use it to get two way data binding but it actually is part of a bigger module with more features
giving you full control over forms.
Now for this to work for this to be recognized as a control in your form we need to give angler a one
hour piece of information the name of this control.
Right now it would see OK this input should be part of the javascript object representations of this
form.
So whatever the user enters as well you should see the value of my wealth of this control the what's
the name of that control.
We need to give that information to angler and we do this by adding the normal HVM attribute name so
Name us nothing or two specific name is the default attribute.
You can add to any age team l control.
Now here the name might be user name because that is what we can enter in this input.
And with this this control will be registered in this javascript representation on the form.
Now I'll do the same for the email restructured so that it's easier to read add and you model and add
a name like for example email here.
Well and the same is true for de-select here which is just another type of HMO input.
You can also add ngi model and we can add a name like secret because I'm asking for a secret question
here and with that we were just heard all the controls.
Of course we can see that much though.
Well that is something we're going to have a look at in the next lecture when we see how we can submit
such a form and therefore how we can see these key value pairs representing what the user entered into
which input